Just go for it.Amazing one.Beautiful camera with super fast processor High quality camera Best mobile phone Camera quality is very nice Battery backup is very good Sound quality is amazing. Camera Quality Is Improved Loving It Very nice Switch from OnePlus to iPhone I am stunned with camera performance. Everything is perfect on iPhone 15. for me its 10 out of 10 Awesome photography experience. Battery backup is good . Display is much better than 14 version. So beautiful, so elegant, just a vowww Totally happy Camera 5 Battery 5 Display 5 Design 5 Just loved the product , colour , design is wow and camera is amazing , just clicked first picture of my grandmother in portrait mode and results r here in front of you guys Awesome product very happy to hold this. Better In hand feel,matte finish. Good camera, Brighter screen with Dynamic Island, USBC, great battery life. 60Hz display is a dealbreaker for some.Its not much noticeable. Thank u Flipkart for the best deal and quick delivery. Nice I love this phone. The camera is amazing its I am so happy Great Awesome Simply premium. best camera and battery is also very good In love with dynamic Island Typec charging is very fast. Overall best phone Awesome camra quality superb camra Nice product Simply Awesome Absolutely gorgeous Camera This is my first iphone ever used loving it already this is worth it moving from android to apple is a surreal experience. still apple could focus on more flexibility towards the apps. Camera is just wow. All classes clicks are done at night..phone Performance is awesome.. Im writing now again for review.its really maintained its premium image Nice Their is nothing to explain about Apple iPhone nowadays everyone knows when ur comes to iPhone 15 is just amazing Awesome quality I am very happy. Thank you Flipkart. Awesome phone powerful performance and battery backup are also very good no heating issue 48 megapixel is lit Thin bessels compared to 14 Lesser in weight Dynamic Island works perfectly Good battery backup My rating 55 A perfect n balanced phone . Was thinking of switching to ios from last two years and yeah its worth buying the black beauty . Thanks Flipkart I m glad such a beautiful iPhone 15 Absolutely premium product..just wow Its performance is super and nice camera also a ok battery backup.. Nice phone good It looks so good in my hand ...WAU Very nice productwe loved the phone very much Camera quality top notch Simply wow wow wow A Perfect Smartphone Using this Iphone 15 from 1month and it has best Camera Best for regular usage Great Experience Flipkart I am giving 10 of 10 Camera, Sound, Screen. Transportation Mi note 9 pro Max to Iphone 15 . Such a amazing phone I was sceptical of online purchase but I was wrong I got what I ordered Best phone ever Just upgraded from iphone 12 to 15 and I totally loved this 15 series. Camera No doubt iphones camera are best of any other smartphone, primary camera is now 48mp which gives quite sharp images, 2x in portrait mode is definitely a game changer in base varient. Battery 3349 mAH is quite better as compared to older versions. Performance Apple improve performance by introducing A16 bionic chip, no doubt performance is on top. Display In display we get dynamic island which gives phone mo. Switch from android to iPhone Just wow. Camera and battery backup is outstanding for daily use Awesome Awesome. Pic Quality Awesome Its amazing nd also the delivery boy was very humble. Camera is good but not too good like other camera phone. Performance is good but missed 90hz display. Battery is good enough for a day use. Sound is quite awesome like no other phones Rest phone is good to go for. Loved this product Best in class.. Superb camera and performance. Fine grip. Really its the best and richest design Just ok like any other premium android phone. Sound is just fantastic and face unlock feature is more convenient than fingerprint scanner. Battery backup is more than android 5000 mah battery. This is my frist iPhone, migrated from android due to chipset heating problem in Google tensor chip and Samsung exonys processsor. Writing this review after extensive usage. Hope it helps interested buyers decide. 1. Display 45 Great display but limited to 60Hz in 202324 2. Camera 45 Great cameras but no telephoto at this price segment but this time Apple really nailed it with the 15 series 24mp shots are very sharp and detailed 3. Performance 55 One of the fastest SOC available right now 4. Battery 35 Average battery life also charger not included in the box and still charges slowly with the 20w bric. Love the performance Nice As Expected The iPhone 15 exceeded my expectations in every way possible. The sleek design, stunning display, and lightningfast performance make it a standout device in the smartphone market. The camera quality is unparalleled, capturing every moment with incredible detail and clarity. Plus, the battery life is impressive, easily lasting me throughout the day. With the added bonus of a great deal and discount, purchasing the iPhone 15 from Flipkart was an absolute steal. Nice This mobile is phenomenal, I like the camera most I have been using this phone since two months. And this phone is amazing. Camera 1010 Display 1010 Performance 1010 Battery 9.510 I upgraded from iPhone 13 to 15 and this phone is awesome worth the money go for it Awesome phone Coming from an iPhone 11, the upgrade is not completely unnecessary. I can see few daily improvements which impacts me personally. The battery back up is a good upgrade. The cameras are obviously better. The Dynamic Island is alright but not something I cannot live without. Face ID works smoother. I am not into games, so no comments on that. For a regular person, this phone is more than enough. And for people with other Apple devices, this is just an awesome part of the ecosystem. Awasome Phone Awasome Camera ....Rest is History Dudu Light weight phone. Camera and sound is fine and performance is highly appreciable. Camera is so good Battery is worst I am moving from android, so i feel my 20k android phone is better than this iphone. Although i brought this for apple ecosystem Superb. Shifted from Android to iPhone 15..classs I order smartphone from Flipkart. This is my 4th phone i order. I have had the best experience every time. Great phone except the battery, which isnt bad as well. Just not as good as other flagships Very nice product Amazing one_____ Performance super Only 90fps is need And best phone of the year goes to this phone Overall same Amazing product Best iPhone out of all the iPhone series Coming from iphone 12 mini. Camera is definitely a upgrade over the previous generation. Design outside remains the same. Pastel colours with matte finish. The Dynamic Island is what i liked for the notification part. Processor of previous generation pro models. Overall a value for money among the 15 models. Got it a great deal in flipkart clubbing exchange and bank offers. Delivery was on time. Awesomeswitch from android to iOS This is an amazing phone and back side of phone is frozen glass which makes it less prone to finger marks while holding. Till now enjoying it, will update with further details after a week. Mobile battery consumption very fast So that I charge 3 times to charge in a day Everything lovely Just for the first time u wont feel much difference bw pro and non pro model iphones. awesome camera looks like Captured DSLR quality Sounds quality best Battery backup is good not better and best About performance i have no words Nice Colour Nice device Fully satisfied A fantastic product. I was an iPhone 13 user I have upgraded to this. Brilliant display. I can see a great difference in battery backup. I can also say that the Dynamic Island helps in UI to the users. Looks premium. Price range might drop in a year. Thanks for Flipkart sale days. Nice one Upgraded from iPhone 11, The camera quality is awesome The display quality is great and the dynamic island working perfectly Happy with Apple and Flipkart v v good Not giving a fast refresh rate is really a bad idea. Shame on you apple.with this range of phone this kind of average feature should have been given. Pros 48MP Camera With 2x Zoom. Dynamic Island. USBC Port. Superb Design and Premium Build. Cons Only 60Hz Display Refresh Rate. Slow Charging. No Action Button. No Alwayson Display. Rating Camera 4.55 Battery 45 Performance 4.55 Charging 45 Display 45 Design and Build 4.55 Sound 45 Software 4.55 Value For Money 45 Overall Experience 4.55 Hit Like Button If This Review Really Helps You. The phone is pretty awesome Switching from android to ios. Smooth performance, amazing camera and battery backup so far is great. Worth it Good product Very good. Happy with the product. Camera quality and performance is amazing. Nice Product Thanks for Flipkart Camera 1010 Battery 810 Display 1010 A fantastic product. I was an iPhone 13 user I have upgraded to this. Brilliant display. I can see a great difference in battery backup. I can also say that the Dynamic Island helps in UI to the users. Looks premium. Price range might drop in a year. Thanks for Flipkart sale days. Coming from iphone 12 mini. Camera is definitely a upgrade over the previous generation. Design outside remains the same. Pastel colours with matte finish. The Dynamic Island is what i liked for the notification part. Processor of previous generation pro models. Overall a value for money among the 15 models. Got it a great deal in flipkart clubbing exchange and bank offers. Delivery was on time. Very nice phone Value for Money Goood phone Super Awesome product Marvellous camera. Light weight. Perfect handy. Used every pro version before 15. But trust me . I personally feel this 15 is at par with its pro version camera . Very good product Awesome camra quality superb camra Awestruck by its performance Nice camera first of all then battery is also very decent although the Mah is low but the optimisation of phone is very good with the battery so handy and classy ,also the calling quality and speakers are too good. Initially I missed 120 Hz screen refresh rate after switching from Mi 11x pro to iphone15. It been a month using iPhone 15, accordingly to my experience, unless you want to purchase more apple products like Mac book, apple watch etc. it is not smart decision to buy iphone. But I surely appreciated its small form factor and less weight. Battery backup is also good. I love it Nice product. The look of the phone is awesome . Great to have the iphone black color. Good Black colour is just awesome A Perfect Smartphone Everything is fine but sometimes it unnecessarily heats up. Awesome experience entering the apple ecosystem, below are some of the pros and cons Pros 2 camera is awesome and clicks good photos even in daylight and night 3 size is perfect and easy to handle 4 Apple ecosystem is the best 5 battery charging rate is good and not too slow, and battery backup is also lasting 1 day for a normal usage. 6 Dynamic Island is the best upgrade from 14. 7 texture and phone build quality has improved a lot Cons 1 sometimes phone gets heated but that is ma. Great camera quality Beast in that price range Good Handy Black one is classy. Photos are much better than 13 Excellent product supper Camera is good Camera is a major upgrade over previous models. If you have 12 or older you can upgrade to 15 without thinking Back to iPhone family from android, best upgrade phone. Fully satisfied with the design and the performance. Minimum 10hrs of battery on single charge 12hrs in low power mode. No lags and even it charges very fast up to 80 which is decent. Nice iPhone Very nice. Awesome phone Much faster and best camera only issue of battery one day easily use after full charge. Design Awesome .best color in images and 4K with 60 fps is awesome. Very good Awesome phone Upgraded from Iphone 11. worth buying it. here are some pros and cons. Pros 1 Smooth, constant software update, 26 GB RAM,1 day easily sustainable battery life 3 extremely helpful if you are in apple ecosystem. 4 48MP camera is really great if we compare with my I Phone 11s 12 MP .Best video quality. 5 dont go for 15 plus or pro model even if you have enough money. but 128 GB base model within 65000 RS and use that extra money to buy MacBook AIR or airpod 3rd GEN. CONS 1 60HZ disp. The product is good.Prize is excessive due to Apple branding only. Battery backup is not up to expectations. Flagship Titanium is lacking in it which is available in pro models only. At this price the screen should have been 6.8 inches at least. Selfie camera worst Not statisfied Click the pic is amazing. Awesome. Camera too good Display too good Battery Good Feels too good As always, Apple doing its job perfectly Superb Phone Just luking like a aww Camera very hard but phone heating Pic Quality Awesome So much heating issue so much means so much Exclusive product from Apple. Thanks To Flipkart for fast delivery Good product with good discounts on Flipkart you can buy it through Flipkart easy process easy to buy best offers best price then other offlineonline platform Awesome camera Good and super performance loved it but not happy with the delivery its been late for 2days rest all went good n awesome product Great phone but still missing 90hz refresh rate display Apart from the refresh rate every thing is top notch . Initially heating issues were there but hot and update and all issues fixed Great phone with great camera. As a photographer, I must say that 42MP photos are very sharp and detailed. Huge upgrade from 12MP camera. and Black color with matte finish looks amazing and also feels amazing in the hand. Every thing good Night photography Good Very good quality This the best phone I have used till date. Camera quality is amazing I recently purchased the iPhone 15 from Flipkart, and Im thrilled with my experience. The sleek design and vibrant display are stunning, and the performance is topnotch with its powerful A16 Bionic chip. The camera quality is exceptional, capturing detailed and vivid photos even in low light. Battery life has been impressive, easily lasting a full day with heavy use. Flipkarts delivery was prompt, and the packaging was secure. Overall, Im extremely satisfied with my purchase and would hig. Awesome product. The person to whom its gifted says that everything is great. Hope it was a little cheaper and more affordable. Just go for it Love it Good camera quality and performance of mobile excellent,but only drawback is battery mah and small display. Apple iPhone 15 blue 128GB GOOD MOBILE phone Name Aarif khan Alwar Rajasthan Indian Amazing The iPhone 15 exceeded my expectations in every way possible. The sleek design, stunning display, and lightningfast performance make it a standout device in the smartphone market. The camera quality is unparalleled, capturing every moment with incredible detail and clarity. Plus, the battery life is impressive, easily lasting me throughout the day. With the added bonus of a great deal and discount, purchasing the iPhone 15 from Flipkart was an absolute steal. Simply Fabulous ,Camera is excellent Camera 55 Display 55 Battery 45 Design 55 Totally happy Very good camera, and display . Battery is average. Looking good Enjoy this beauty with me Best I phone 15 Very Nice. Love it. Nice This phone so good and super performance . I love this phone thankyou for making this types phones ,. Week battery and to much heating while using the phone Very bad experience with ekart Flipkart delivery guy asked me for extra money in cash and told me if i wont do that he will cancel my exchange. Now Lets come to the phone it has major heating issues it reach upto 50 degrees celcius while charging and battery back up is also quite low as compared to to other flagship phones. I wouldnt recommend buying this phone rather spend more money and go for iphone 16. Superb one The camera quality is just awesome ..just like DSLR Nice Nice product Very nice phone the camera was too good I luv it Good phone Amazing Go for without hesitation Just wow Buy it now Pros of iPhone 15 1. Best camera in the segment improved photo and video quality. 2. Powerful performance. 3. Dynamic island gives it a better look than the previous iphone 14. 4. Comes up with TypeC port but only 2.0. Cons of iPhone 15 1. Battery could have been better. 2. Slow charging speed. 3. 2.0 Type C gives slow transfer speeds when compared to 3.1 4. Apple is still stuck with 60hz display when others are offering 120hz in a very less price tag Great device The 60hz is not a big deal like the influencers says that it is. Amazing design quality and I love this iPhone Everything is good i got it at65 best deal so far i get from flipkart Awesome Product. I loved it.. especially the colour.. iPhone 15 Best camera phone Superb Phone For this budget Fully satisfied 48 MP upgrade in camera, matches the Indian Tone , display is now very bright, love the matte finish, 60 Hz display is a downside, when power gets low in my power bank it starts charging the powerbank. Very good I phone 15 is value for money Its good to be transfer iphone 11 to 15 and best experience ever. I love iPhone Coming from an iPhone 11, the upgrade is not completely unnecessary. I can see few daily improvements which impacts me personally. The battery back up is a good upgrade. The cameras are obviously better. The Dynamic Island is alright but not something I cannot live without. Face ID works smoother. I am not into games, so no comments on that. For a regular person, this phone is more than enough. And for people with other Apple devices, this is just an awesome part of the ecosystem. Pros 1. Incredibly smart device this year 2. iOS interface 3. Data Privacy 4. Premium build quality 5. Dynamic Island 6. Ecosystem benefits if you own other Apple devices 7. Powerful processor Cons 1. 60Hz refresh rate for a flagship although not very noticeable 2. No improvements to Siri 3. Expensive 4. Low possibility of repair Fabulous Product is average battery is average. Camara good,display good,touch response ok ok Looks good.in hand feeling good,over all 3.5 stars Best iPhone ever I would never seen this kind of poor battery capacity. Androids batteries are 100 times better than it Perfect Best phone ever Nice phone loved it. Camera 5 Battery 4 Design 5 This i phone is too good like as i phone 16.